well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we are going to talk
about definitions deceptions the
administration NASCAR and apologies
because it's 2020 and all of this stuff
connects now the President of the United
States has taken time out of his busy
schedule to demand that a racecar driver
Bubba Wallace apologize because his crew
saw something and asked for an
investigation into it and they
misinterpreted what they saw he called
it a hoax he said it was a hoax I've
come to the conclusion and it's the only
reasonable conclusion anybody can come
to that the president doesn't know what
this word means he uses it a lot but
I've never actually seen him use it
correctly a hoax is a humorous or
malicious deception that's what a hoax
is a group of people seeing something
and interpreting it one way that is
completely reasonable given all of the
context and everything going on at the
time and reporting it and there being an
investigation conducted and then it
finding out no that's the incorrect
interpretation that's not a hoax that's
that's not a hoax a humorous or
malicious deception okay what happened
with Bubba Wallace's crew that's a
mistake you know like all of the
presidents hiring practices it's a
mistake a humorous deception for an
example of that would be like when the
president says that he's going to make
America great again or that he supports
the American people or that he supports
the troops
that's a hoax it's a humorous deception
he knows it's not true we know it's not
true and his actions are so
contradictory to these statements that
it's absurdly funny
that's a hoax an example of a malicious
deception
would be like slowing down testing to
make the numbers look the way you want
them to after saying that it was going
to magically disappear
that's a hoax it is a malicious
deception because it causes harm the
fact that the President of the United
States is asking for an apology from
anybody is hilarious
the man accepts responsibility for
noting the fact that he is asking for an
apology related to something that he
believes to be a hoax is even funnier
because his entire presidency has been a
hoax perpetrated on the American people
for the sake of his own ego his brand in
his wallet
Trump is a hoax the Trump brand is a
hoax it is a malicious deception before
I care about a racecar driver
apologizing for anything I'd like to
hear an apology from the President of
the United States for his hoax the last
three years it seems to be much more
relevant if he wants to talk about
accountability he should take some
responsibility be accountable for his
own actions which is something we all
know won't happen anyway it's just a
fault you don't have a good day